---
title: "Senior Product Designer"
company: "XXIX"
location: "Worldwide"
jobType: "Contract"
salary: "$80k - $120k"
logo: "https://remotive.com/job/2088647/logo"
link: "https://remotive.com/remote-jobs/design/senior-product-designer-2088647"
---

We are hiring contract-based senior and director level product designers with experience leading complex product design projects. Original job posting link (URL here). About garden3d We are worker owned creative collective, innovating on everything from brands and IRL communities to IoT devices and cross platform apps. We share profit, open source everything, spin out new businesses, and invest in exciting ideas through financial and/or in-kind contributions. Our client roster includes Google , Stripe , Figma , Hinge , Black Socialists in America , ACLU , Pratt , Parsons , Mozilla , The Nobel Prize , MIT , Gnosis , Etsy & Gagosian . We’re the software team behind innovative products like The Light Phone & Mill , and we a global, decentralized community space collective called Index Space . We think of our garden3d as collective for creative people, prioritizing a happy, talented, and diverse studio culture. We work on projects that bring value to our world, and we balance deep care for the work we do with a genuine curiosity about life outside of our jobs. Who we’re looking for: Right now, we're looking for a Senior Product Designer with expertise in user experience, interface design, and product strategy, who can collaborate directly with clients and cross-functional teams. In this role, you'll work on a variety of client projects to create intuitive, engaging, and effective digital products. You would work on products across many industries, from e-commerce to connected hardware products to AI enabled interfaces. Responsibilities will include: Leading the design process from discovery through implementation, working closely with clients to understand business goals and user needs Creating user flows, wireframes, prototypes, and high-fidelity designs while maintaining a focus on both user experience and visual consistency Participating in design critiques, providing constructive feedback to teammates and ensuring adherence to design systems Contributing to project success by managing design workstreams, collaborating with developers, and meeting project milestones Presenting design solutions to clients and iterating based on feedback while maintaining design integrity The person we’re looking for is happy, relaxed and easy to get along with. They’re flexible on anything except conceits that will lower their usually outstanding work quality. They work “smart”, by carefully managing their workflow and staggering features that have dependencies intelligently — they prefer deep work but are OK coming up to the surface now and then for top level / strategic conversations. We believe people with backgrounds or interests in design, art, music, food or fashion tend to have a well rounded sense of design & quality — so a variety of hobbies or side projects is a big nice to have! Compensation Our pay scale ranges from $85 p/hr to $150 p/hr pending client/seniority. Our projects are rarely less than 6 full time weeks. We prefer long standing relationships with highly accountable and communicative team members, so we encourage candidates to expect longer term engagements. Who you are The person we’re looking for is happy, relaxed and easy to get along with and appreciates a commitment to a culture of transparency, non-dictatorial leadership styles, and alternative methodologies. They’re flexible on anything except conceits that will lower their usually outstanding work quality. They work “smart” by carefully managing their workflow and team. How we interview Once we have reviewed all applications and identified a profile that matches our requirements , a member of our team will reach out. Our interview process starts with an intro call to answer any questions you have about the role and to learn a bit more about your experience and interests. From there, we’ll follow up with a panel interview call where you get to meet a few members of our team, to openly discuss some of our challenges and ensure your skills and interests align with where we’re going as a business. For qualified candidates, the process wraps with a reference call, and an offer to follow. ‍ How we work: We believe that there’s a better balance between the poles of freelancing & full time, and for that reason Sanctuary works differently to most shops: Transparency & Ownership: We release out Profit & Loss statements to the community each year, open source our best ideas, and talk business & money with everyone in the company. We’re proud to run our business with integrity, and for that reason we share everything with our team & community. 150% Carbon Negative: Our studio offsets 150% of the carbon we use to do business each year, dated back to our founding in 2015. We turn down work that is not in-line with our morals, and we encourage our peers to do the same. We have been certified climate neutral since 2021 . Strong Morals: Since our founding, we've turned down somewhere between $1mm - $2mm of work that didn't meet our moral standards. (Most of that 
