---
title: "Senior DevOps Engineer"
company: "Lemon.io"
location: "Americas, Europe, Asia, Oceania"
jobType: "Full-time"

logo: "https://remotive.com/job/2090002/logo"
link: "https://remotive.com/remote-jobs/devops/senior-devops-engineer-2090002"
---

Are you a talented Senior DevOps looking for a remote job that lets you show your skills and get decent compensation? Look no further than Lemon.io — the marketplace that connects you with hand-picked startups in the US and Europe. What we offer: The rate depends on your seniority level, skills and experience. We've already paid out over $11M to our engineers. No more hunting for clients or negotiating rates — let us handle the business side of things so you can focus on what you do best. We'll manually find the best project for you according to your skills and preferences. Choose a schedule that works best for you. It’s possible to communicate async or minimally overlap within team working hours. We respect your seniority so you can expect no micromanagement or screen trackers. Communicate directly with the clients. Most of them have technical backgrounds. Sounds good, yeah? We will support you from the time you submit the application throughout all cooperation stages. Most of our projects involve working in a fast-paced startup environment. We hope you like it as much as we do. Through our community, we will connect you with the best developers from more than 71 countries. We have several openings for Senior DevOps Engineers, with two types of requirements. Requirements – DevOps with Azure DevOps: 4+ years of experience as a DevOps Engineer At least 3 years of experience with Azure DevOps Experience in at least 2 commercial projects using Microsoft Azure or Kubernetes is required Requirements – DevOps with AWS/GCP/SQL: 4+ years of experience as a DevOps Engineer At least 3 years of experience with AWS, GCP, or SQL At least 3 years of commercial experience with Python Experience in at least 2 commercial projects using Terraform or Kubernetes is required Strong technical skills: as a Senior DevOps, you are expected to be able to create projects from scratch and have a deep understanding of application architecture. Clear and effective communication in English — advanced ability to discuss business tasks, justify decisions, and communicate issues. Good self-presentation is also essential for upcoming client calls. Strong self-organizational skills — ability to work full-time remotely with no supervision. Reliability — we want to trust you and expect that you won’t let us and the client down. Adaptability and Flexibility — the ability to onboard the project promptly after accepting it and start delivering results quickly. Sounds good for you? Apply now and join the Lemon.io community! NOT YOUR TECH STACK? We have multiple projects available for Senior Developers. If you have 4+ years of commercial software development experience and are proficient in any of the following areas and roles: AI Agent Architect, AI Automation Architect, React & Ruby, PHP & Angular, PHP & Vue, Vue & Node.js, React & .NET, Android & iOS, Angular & .NET, Angular & Node.js, Vue & .NET, Python & Vue, MLOps, React & Java, Data Science, Blockchain (Web3/Solidity/Solana), Symfony & React, Symfony & Vue, Symfony & Angular, Symfony & JavaScript & Next.js & TypeScript, Data Analysis, React & PHP, Data Engineering, AI Engineering, Data Annotation, React & Node, React & Golang, React & Python, Golang, Python & Flask, Svelte & Python, Svelte & Node, Svelte & TypeScript, Rust, Shopify & JavaScript, Vue & Nuxt, Python & Node, Angular & TypeScript, Ruby & Ruby on Rails, React Native & Ruby, React Native & Python, PHP & Laravel, .NET & C#, Java & Spring, Unreal Engine & C++, Python & LLM, Unity, Machine Learning Engineering — we’d be happy to connect and match you with a suitable project. If your experience matches our requirements, be ready for the next steps: VideoAsk — watch a short video about our startup, up to 10 minutes Complete your profile on our website Intro call Technical interview Feedback Magic Box (we are looking for the best project for you). We do not provide visa assistance, and our cooperation model does not include the benefits typically offered with direct hire. P.S. We work with developers from 71+ countries in different regions: Europe, LATAM, the U.S (if you are an owner of W-9 ben form), Canada, Asia (Japan, Singapore, South Korea, Philippines, Indonesia), Oceania (Australia, New Zealand, Papua New Guinea), and the the UK. However, we have some exceptions. At the moment, we don’t have a legal basis to accept applicants from the following countries: European: Hungary, Iceland, Liechtenstein, Kosovo, Belarus, Russia, and Serbia. Latin America: Cuba and Nicaragua Most Asian countries and Africa. We expand and shorten the list of exemptions regularly. We do not provide visa assistance, and our cooperation model does not include the benefits typically offered with direct hire.
