---
title: "Fullstack Developer (US - ET)"
company: "Chooose"
location: "USA"
jobType: "Full-time"

logo: "https://remotive.com/job/2088706/logo"
link: "https://remotive.com/remote-jobs/software-development/fullstack-developer-us-et-2088706"
---

Chooose builds software to enable the lower carbon fuel value chain. Companies like Delta Air Lines, Cathay Pacific, British Airways, and Microsoft use the Chooose platform to build, operate, and scale their lower carbon fuel programs (typically referred to as Sustainable Aviation Fuel, or SAF), and to advance voluntary and compliance carbon management initiatives. With offices in Miami and Oslo, and remote employees across the US and Europe, Chooose is relentlessly focused on delivering enterprise software products to enable our customers to drive lower carbon fuel adoption. The company has raised $50M from leading venture capital and strategic investors. The role We are looking for a person who is open to new technologies, is not afraid to experiment, and is eager to learn. The ideal candidate will be self-driven and able to take charge and make decisions. You will develop internal applications to drive efficiency within the Chooose organization leveraging your development skills and modern AI technologies, build-out back-end services for our customers, and support our Commercial team through technical implementation with customer facing opportunities. This is a remote role that must be based in Massachusetts, New York, Pennsylvania, Maryland, or Florida What you'll do Maintain and scale complex front-end (React, Typescript) and back-end architecture (C#/.net) Work directly with external clients Develop and maintain Python-based data processing pipelines and command-line interface (CLI) tools. Develop and integrate AI/ML solutions into company processes and external facing products Have a hand in the technical implementation of our Platform and Solutions and support our Commercial team Creation of unit tests or integration tests (Vitest) Maintain and scale complex services Drive efficiency internally through scalable processes and applications What you'll bring to the table 5+ years of hands-on experience Strong organizational and project management skills. Excellent verbal communication skills. A bonus if you have managed external facing clients previously. Critical problem-solving skills. Meticulous attention to detail. Degree in computer science, engineering or equivalent. Must be based in Massachusetts, New York, Pennsylvania, Maryland, or Florida You'll stand out if you have knowledge of Azure (Azure functions) Integrations Python (Fast API) You have some experience incorporating AI features into SaaS products. The interview process At Chooose, we prioritize transparency throughout our interview process. If your qualifications look like a fit, we’ll begin with a 2-3 introductory conversations where you'll have the chance to discuss your experience and learn more about our company. The second phase varies depending on the role and will most likely involve a practical exercise or live session so you can show your work. The third and final phase consists of a one-on-one in-person conversation with a member of our executive team. The process should take approx. 4 weeks. While we strive to keep to this timeline, the occasional adjustment may occur; we’re focused on ensuring for enough time to get to know one another. Pay, perks, & more We offer a competitive salary, a comprehensive benefits package including medical, dental, and vision insurance, voluntary 401k contributions, paid parental leave, a robust PTO package, the option to participate in our employee equity program, flexible work hours, and access to 'Spaces' coworking space. We value diversity and believe forming teams in which everyone can be their authentic self is key to our success. We encourage people from underrepresented backgrounds and different industries to apply. Compensation will be based on experience and skill, commensurate with market rates, and will include both salary and equity in Chooose. Chooose is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate based on race, color, religion (creed), gender, gender expression, age, national origin (ancestry), disability, marital status, sexual orientation, or military status. We are committed to providing an inclusive and welcoming environment to our employees and welcome input from candidates and employees on how we can enhance our inclusiveness. Prerequisite for Employment: Chooose may request to conduct background checks on prospective applicants to verify the information provided in the CV, transcripts, and other documentation. This background check may be carried out by our partner and will not be conducted without the applicant's prior consent. Prospective applicants will receive more information about this.
